Add 2.0.4 login_client (#39)
leancodepl/flutter_corelibrary: packages/login_client/CHANGELOG.md

# 2.0.4

> - `onCredentialsChanged` now yields events after they have completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onCredentialsChanged` now yields **after** the credentials have changed (in the storage).
```
